Single room: these rooms are assigned to one person or a couple. It may have one or more beds, 
but the size of the bed depends on the hotel.Some single rooms have a twin bed, most will have
a double, few will have a queen bed.

Double room: double rooms are assigned to two people; expect one double bed, or two twin beds
depending on the hotel.

Triple room: as the name might suggest, this room is equipped for three people to stay.
The room will have a combination of either three twin beds, one double bed and a twin,
or two double beds.

Quad room: a quad room is set up for four people to stay comfortably. This means the room 
will have two double beds. Some, however, may be set up dormitory-style with bunks or twins, 
so check with the property to make sure.

Standard room: a standard room is likely the same as a queen or a single room, great for a 
solo traveler or a couple. Expect a double bed. 

Deluxe room: these rooms might be a bit bigger with slightly upgraded amenities or a nicer view. 
These rooms are typically equipped for groups who need more space, like a couple or small family. 

Joint room: a joint room, sometimes called an adjoining room, refers to two rooms that share a
common wall but no connecting door. Joint rooms are meant for families with younger children who
may be old enough to stay in their own space, but not too far from their parents.

Connecting room: these rooms have a connecting door between them, as well as individual doors to
get to the outside. Great for families or groups who don’t want to have to walk through the hallway
to move between rooms.

Suite: suites come in a few different sizes. A basic suite or executive suite comes with a separate
living space connected to one or more bedrooms. This set up is sometimes also called a master suite. 
A mini-suite or junior suite refers to a single room with a bed and sitting area. Some suites also 
come with kitchenettes. The presidential suite, as the name would suggest, is usually the most 
expensive room provided by a hotel. It will have one or more bedrooms, a living space, and impressive
amenities, decoration, and tailor-made services. 